Current wish-list

1) I would like to make the other edit forms a bit more compact, they use a lot of vertical space right now.
2) The fields such as "Brewing Instructions" actually need more vertical space, not less.
3) The product details page also needs a bit of a iteration, perhaps we could move the "spider web graph" up to the
   right and the image of the product (if given) to the left and a bit larger? I'm looking to improve the estetics a bit.
4) The header should be left aligned
5) Could the item names/short names in the table listings be clickable so I can click and go directly to the display
   page for the item? (do we have display pages for items? if not I think we should).

Quality of life improvements to minimize the amount of choices I have to make when registering a new brew session:
6) Add a "default selection" or "favourite" flag to items. This flag should only be possible to set on one type of item at a time, so it
   should possibly be a separate setting structure for items. I.e. if I have more than one kettle, I will most often
   have a favourite one that I usually use - ditto for grinders, scales and so on.
7) When editing or adding a brew session I would like the item lists to either pick the "favourite"/"default selection" item
   by default, or if none has this flag, the item that is most frequently used. For items with only one value, that should
   always be picked by default.
8) We need to add a "depeleted_or_inactive" flag (or something similar) to a product batch, to indicate that there is no more beans
   to consume from that batch (or that the batch is "unselectable" for whatever reason, for example a bad batch).
9) For product batches, if there are more than one batch that does not have a "depleted_or_inactive" (or similar) flag then the one
   with the oldest roast date should be selected by default (people will usually consume the oldest batch first).

General features:
10) I think we should add some common metadata to all repositories; created and modified timestamps, these will be useful later.

Fun features:
* Add a stat to the product batch card that sums the "coffee amount" from all the brew sessions that uses it, something like "xyz of 250g used (x brews, approx x brews left)"
* Add a running counter for grinders how many grams (or kilos if > 1000g) of coffee it has ground so far. It could be useful when priming a new grinder, they usually need a bit of seasoning before they are optimal. Add a "manually_ground_amount" field (int, grams) that is added this calculated field (for people that prefer to season grinders with beans they don't actually brew with).
